supreme/commands.md, before:

# Commands

## init

- Create a base setup for [`@iteam/config`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/config).
- Initialize an empty repository and creates a `.gitignore` with some standard
  values.
- Install [`husky`](https://github.com/typicode/husky), a tool for git hooks, and setup
  it up with [`pretty-quick`](https://github.com/azz/pretty-quick) that runs
  `prettier` on staged files.
- Create `jest.config.js` and install [`jest`](https://jestjs.io/)
- Create a `.nvmrc` wih the users current node version
- Install [`prettier`](https://prettier.io/), a tool that formats JavaScript, and
  creates our preferred configuration.
- Install `eslint` and create config for Node or React

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme init
```

## add

Add one of the configs/packages created by [`init`](init) inside the current
working directory.

### Valid commands

#### config

Create a base setup for [`@iteam/config`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/config)
with TypeScript.

##### Flags

- `--javascript` (optional) - create a config with JavaScript

#### eslint

Install `eslint` and create a config based on which flag is set. If no flag is
passed, only install `eslint`.

##### Flags

- `--node` (optional) - create a config with [`@iteam/eslint-config-node`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/eslint-config-node)
- `--react` (optional) - create a config with [`@iteam/eslint-config-react`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/eslint-config-react/)

#### gitignore / git

Initialize an empty repository and creates a `.gitignore` with some standard
values.

#### husky

Install [`husky`](https://github.com/typicode/husky), a tool for git hooks, and setup
it up with [`pretty-quick`](https://github.com/azz/pretty-quick) that runs
`prettier` on staged files.

#### jest

Create `jest.config.js` and install [`jest`](https://jestjs.io/)

#### nvm / nvmrc

Create a `.nvmrc` wih the users current node version

#### prettier

Install [`prettier`](https://prettier.io/), a tool that formats JavaScript, and
creates our preferred configuration.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme add git
```

## react

Create a TypeScript React app using `create-react-app` with the provided name.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme react my-awesome-app
```

#### Flags

- `--javascript` (optional) - create a JavaScript React app

## reason

Create a ReasonReact app using `bsb`, from `bs-platform`, and customize the app with our preferred defaults.

!> To use this command you will need BuckleScript and Reason, `npm i -g bs-platform`

#### Included

- ReasonReact
- Test using [`jest`](https://jestjs.io/) and
  [`react-testing-library`](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)
- [Tailwind](https://travis-ci.com/) styling
- [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com/) configuration
- Automatic versioning using `semantic-release`
- [Now](https://zeit.co/) build (opt-in)

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme reason my-awesome-app
```

## snippets

Copy a bunch of commonly used snippets to the clipboard

| IDE         | Language   | Snippet engine                                   | IDE flag | Language flag    |
| ----------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------- | ---------------- |
| vim, neovim | JavaScript | [UltiSnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips) | vim      | js, javascript   |
| vim, neovim | TypeScript | [UltiSnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips) | vim      | ts, typescript   |
| vim, neovim | ReasonML   | [UltiSnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips) | vim      | reason, reasonml |
| VSCode      | ReasonML   | -                                                | vscode   | reason, reasonml |

#### Flags

- `--ide` (required) - What IDE to copy snippets for
- `--language` (required) - What language to copy snippets for

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme snippets --ide=vim --language=ts
```

## graphql

Create a simple GraphQL API with TypeScript. Includes some setup from `init`,
like `prettier`, `husky`, `nvmrc`, `gitignore` and `.eslint`.

#### Flags

- `--examples` - Generate examples for query, mutation and subscription. Example queries are provided in the GraphQL Playground when API is started.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme graphql my-great-graphql-api
```

## ghactions

Create GitHub actions configuration files.

- `pr_check.yml` - Runs tests and linting on pull requests targeting `master`
- `release.yml` - Runs tests and publishes a new release on push to `master`

#### Environment variables

Environment variables are set inside `github repository settings -> secrets`.

- `NPM_TOKEN` (optional) - If you wish to publish the package/app to `npm`. If you don't
  want to build to `npm` then read below.
- `GITHUB_TOKEN` - Added automatically by GitHub for each repo

#### Skip npm release

Update the `.releaserc` to the following to disable `npm` builds. This will only
create a release tag and update `CHANGELOG.md` in GitHub.

```json
{
  "plugins": [
    "@semantic-release/commit-analyzer",
    "@semantic-release/release-notes-generator",
    "@semantic-release/changelog",
    [
      "@semantic-release/npm",
      {
        "npmPublish": false
      }
    ],
    "@semantic-release/git"
  ]
}
```

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme ghactions
```

## typescript

Create a super basic TypeScript app. Includes some setup from `init`,
like `prettier`, `husky`, `nvmrc`, `gitignore` and `.eslint`.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme typescript my-basic-typescript-app
```

Commit message:

docs: add note about bucklescript version

supreme/commands.md, after:

# Commands

## init

- Create a base setup for [`@iteam/config`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/config).
- Initialize an empty repository and creates a `.gitignore` with some standard
  values.
- Install [`husky`](https://github.com/typicode/husky), a tool for git hooks, and setup
  it up with [`pretty-quick`](https://github.com/azz/pretty-quick) that runs
  `prettier` on staged files.
- Create `jest.config.js` and install [`jest`](https://jestjs.io/)
- Create a `.nvmrc` wih the users current node version
- Install [`prettier`](https://prettier.io/), a tool that formats JavaScript, and
  creates our preferred configuration.
- Install `eslint` and create config for Node or React

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme init
```

## add

Add one of the configs/packages created by [`init`](init) inside the current
working directory.

### Valid commands

#### config

Create a base setup for [`@iteam/config`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/config)
with TypeScript.

##### Flags

- `--javascript` (optional) - create a config with JavaScript

#### eslint

Install `eslint` and create a config based on which flag is set. If no flag is
passed, only install `eslint`.

##### Flags

- `--node` (optional) - create a config with [`@iteam/eslint-config-node`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/eslint-config-node)
- `--react` (optional) - create a config with [`@iteam/eslint-config-react`](https://github.com/Iteam1337/eslint-config-react/)

#### gitignore / git

Initialize an empty repository and creates a `.gitignore` with some standard
values.

#### husky

Install [`husky`](https://github.com/typicode/husky), a tool for git hooks, and setup
it up with [`pretty-quick`](https://github.com/azz/pretty-quick) that runs
`prettier` on staged files.

#### jest

Create `jest.config.js` and install [`jest`](https://jestjs.io/)

#### nvm / nvmrc

Create a `.nvmrc` wih the users current node version

#### prettier

Install [`prettier`](https://prettier.io/), a tool that formats JavaScript, and
creates our preferred configuration.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme add git
```

## react

Create a TypeScript React app using `create-react-app` with the provided name.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme react my-awesome-app
```

#### Flags

- `--javascript` (optional) - create a JavaScript React app

## reason

Create a ReasonReact app using `bsb`, from `bs-platform`, and customize the app with our preferred defaults.

!> To use this command you will need BuckleScript and Reason, `npm i -g bs-platform@5`

!> When running this command on BuckleScript version > 5, the process will hang
because the starter template has been completely changed. Version 6 and 7 of
BuckleScript are in the works, but not all third-party libraries support it yet.

#### Included

- ReasonReact
- Test using [`jest`](https://jestjs.io/) and
  [`react-testing-library`](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)
- [Tailwind](https://travis-ci.com/) styling
- [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com/) configuration
- Automatic versioning using `semantic-release`
- [Now](https://zeit.co/) build (opt-in)

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme reason my-awesome-app
```

## snippets

Copy a bunch of commonly used snippets to the clipboard

| IDE         | Language   | Snippet engine                                   | IDE flag | Language flag    |
| ----------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------- | ---------------- |
| vim, neovim | JavaScript | [UltiSnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips) | vim      | js, javascript   |
| vim, neovim | TypeScript | [UltiSnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips) | vim      | ts, typescript   |
| vim, neovim | ReasonML   | [UltiSnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips) | vim      | reason, reasonml |
| VSCode      | ReasonML   | -                                                | vscode   | reason, reasonml |

#### Flags

- `--ide` (required) - What IDE to copy snippets for
- `--language` (required) - What language to copy snippets for

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme snippets --ide=vim --language=ts
```

## graphql

Create a simple GraphQL API with TypeScript. Includes some setup from `init`,
like `prettier`, `husky`, `nvmrc`, `gitignore` and `.eslint`.

#### Flags

- `--examples` - Generate examples for query, mutation and subscription. Example queries are provided in the GraphQL Playground when API is started.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme graphql my-great-graphql-api
```

## ghactions

Create GitHub actions configuration files.

- `pr_check.yml` - Runs tests and linting on pull requests targeting `master`
- `release.yml` - Runs tests and publishes a new release on push to `master`

#### Environment variables

Environment variables are set inside `github repository settings -> secrets`.

- `NPM_TOKEN` (optional) - If you wish to publish the package/app to `npm`. If you don't
  want to build to `npm` then read below.
- `GITHUB_TOKEN` - Added automatically by GitHub for each repo

#### Skip npm release

Update the `.releaserc` to the following to disable `npm` builds. This will only
create a release tag and update `CHANGELOG.md` in GitHub.

```json
{
  "plugins": [
    "@semantic-release/commit-analyzer",
    "@semantic-release/release-notes-generator",
    "@semantic-release/changelog",
    [
      "@semantic-release/npm",
      {
        "npmPublish": false
      }
    ],
    "@semantic-release/git"
  ]
}
```

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme ghactions
```

## typescript

Create a super basic TypeScript app. Includes some setup from `init`,
like `prettier`, `husky`, `nvmrc`, `gitignore` and `.eslint`.

#### Example

```sh
$ supreme typescript my-basic-typescript-app
```
